Now that we're pushing race results messages up to SQS,
we need to poll for those messages and update the data sources with
those records. We'll make our first changes in the lib/data/lib
folder with the sqs.listener.js file.
This file will poll for SQS messages every 5 seconds.
If messages are received, then it will modify the master record in DynamoDB.
If you remember the explanation of long polling,
this interval of 5 seconds between polling is likely too
short for production applications, since it will incur a fairly high cost.
With one instance, it'll make around 500,000 requests a month,
so definitely do use a better value if working with real applications.
Our first change in this file is to update the region on line 6. The init
function is what starts the interval timer for polling,
and it calls the poll function online.
18.
The first step in poll is to again get the queue URL, so
let's build the const prams object for that.
It'll just have one property QueueName,
which will have the value of the global variable RACE_QUEUE. Now
on line 27, after the URL's been retrieved, we'll create a
params const for retrieving messages.
The first argument is QueueURL, which you can set to the value of
queueData.QueueUrl. The next argument is MaxNumberOfMessages.
This is a value between 1 and 10, and it's basically the maximum
number of messages that will be retrieved.
The default is 1, but I like to set it to 10 to get as many as possible.
The last property is VisibilityTimeOut, which I'm going to set to 15.
This is an example of overriding the queue default. There's no secret
reason to do it here other than to just show you an example.
Now our next change will be online 53.
Once we've retrieved the messages and process them,
then we need to delete them so they aren't double processed.
So this function will be called with the messages, and we'll delete them from
the queue. Let's start by creating our paramas const object.
The first property needed to delete is QueueUrl,
which you can give the value of the queueUrl function argument.
The next property is ReceiptHandle, this is basically a unique
value provided each time a messages retrieved.
We can give it the value of result.ReceiptHandle to
reference the message we just received.
You may notice this function is being called inside a map,
and so each retrieved message will have this
deleteMessage function called on it.
There's also a deleteMessage batch function in the SDK that would've
worked well here, as it deletes many messages.
And with that change, our listener is ready,
and we just need to enable all of the functionality in the index.js file
at our project root. At the bottom of the file online 65, there's a
commented line that calls the queueInit function.
This is going to turn the listener on basically, so un‑comment this line.
Now our changes are done.
You could try running them now,
but it will probably be easier to wait until we finish
the work on our Kinesis Streams, which we're going to do in the rest of this module.